# Guessing Game

## Introduction

You have been taught about `if and else` statements in javascript. You are going to use that knowledge to build a `Guessing game`.
This project has a starter file that contains the HTMl and JS for the task.

# Your Task

You are going to build a guessing game that keeps asking users to guess a `secret number` generated by the computer until they guess right.

## Part 1

To get started open the `script.js` file in the starter file. When you open it you will see the code below

    let state = true;

    alert("I'm thinking of a number between 1 and 99");

    let computer_number = Math.floor(Math.random() * 99) + 1;

    while (state) {
        //   write your code here
    }

In the code above a `state` variable with a boolean data type is created and the value is set to `true`. A `secret number` is also generated by the computer and it is saved in the `computer_number` variable. The while loop will keep running any line of code you put in it until the state is changed to false.

### `Read the instruction below to complete the task`

- Write a `prompt function` that asks the user to guess a number and save the response in a variable. Remember you will later compare the response with the `computer_number` variable whose data type is a number.
- Write an if or else to check if the number guessed by the user is greater than, less than or equals to the `computer_number` variable
  - if the number guessed by the user is greater than the `computer_number` variable, write an alert function that tells the user their guess is too high.
  - if the number guessed by the user is less than the `computer_number` variable, write an alert function that tells the user their guess is too low.
  - if the number guessed by the user is equal to the `computer_number` variable, write an alert function that congratulates the user and end the while loop by making the state variable false.

**If you get stuck while trying to solve this problem, search for possible solutions online. If you still can't solve the problem then you should check the final folder**
